soon the works on the third island
in this video today we are looking for a spreadsheet
out
the mega sena when you play with the
seven tens
in 105 games closing 100% the scene because
You only need to hit any group
of the 15 group with those wanting to help themselves
we will have to polish the
millionaire awards of the mega-sena
we have here is the first globe
are 14 frame bases where
the number being distributed at 15
groups
the second group is to be the fifth
sixth, seventh and eighth ninth and tenth
fifth group, ie at any time
of these 15 groups are among the
the groups hit at least three dozen
in two groups with which we will have the
obligation of the scene let's make a
simulation here we go because no group
about four to tenteen and the
25 and in group 3 is the certainty in 42
37 and 17
note that I would have the scene closed
Let's occur in group 5 I have a
ten years 2038
I got everyone group read today in group 2
and 12 from group 11 and 12 and from group s with
sure not 38 just me
accept a akna and a good block the
goal that the 119 and a23
I will accept 6
then this method he is sensational
because if I sit in any order
of the 15 group 3 like 12
I have to get old their just
twice in two bars of either
of the few in group 2 is certainty 28 and
10 years 50 and in group 15 with certainty in
21a 4444
in 2050 while in addition to 20 and 44 44
They said I would have the court closed.
some because if I hit a base of
train and the groups of two 2850 and 31
note that I would have a machine and a
interest in acquiring this block
worksheet using all six
dozens
closing the scene in castle of 8 is only
find just get in touch here
with two centers of our channel in
youtube a strong hug and until the next
video